Checking the DianaLovette_file directory
Checking the about.html file
info error found on line 44 column 37: Consider using the “h1” element as a top-level heading only (all “h1” elements are treated as top-level headings by many screen readers and other tools).
info error found on line 58 column 38: Consider using the “h1” element as a top-level heading only (all “h1” elements are treated as top-level headings by many screen readers and other tools).
info error found on line 72 column 39: Consider using the “h1” element as a top-level heading only (all “h1” elements are treated as top-level headings by many screen readers and other tools).
error error found on line 78 column 36: Element “br” not allowed as child of element “ul” in this context. (Suppressing further errors from this subtree.)
error error found on line 82 column 36: Element “br” not allowed as child of element “ul” in this context. (Suppressing further errors from this subtree.)
error error found on line 86 column 36: Element “br” not allowed as child of element “ul” in this context. (Suppressing further errors from this subtree.)
error error found on line 90 column 36: Element “br” not allowed as child of element “ul” in this context. (Suppressing further errors from this subtree.)
error error found on line 94 column 36: Element “br” not allowed as child of element “ul” in this context. (Suppressing further errors from this subtree.)
error error found on line 99 column 28: No “p” element in scope but a “p” end tag seen.
info error found on line 41 column 46: Section lacks heading. Consider using “h2”-“h6” elements to add identifying headings to all sections, or else use a “div” element instead for any cases where no heading is needed.
info error found on line 2 column 6: Consider adding a “lang” attribute to the “html” start tag to declare the language of this document.

Checking the basics.html file
info error found on line 43 column 28: Consider using the “h1” element as a top-level heading only (all “h1” elements are treated as top-level headings by many screen readers and other tools).
info error found on line 40 column 21: Section lacks heading. Consider using “h2”-“h6” elements to add identifying headings to all sections, or else use a “div” element instead for any cases where no heading is needed.
info error found on line 61 column 28: Consider using the “h1” element as a top-level heading only (all “h1” elements are treated as top-level headings by many screen readers and other tools).
info error found on line 70 column 28: Consider using the “h1” element as a top-level heading only (all “h1” elements are treated as top-level headings by many screen readers and other tools).
info error found on line 79 column 28: Consider using the “h1” element as a top-level heading only (all “h1” elements are treated as top-level headings by many screen readers and other tools).
info error found on line 88 column 28: Consider using the “h1” element as a top-level heading only (all “h1” elements are treated as top-level headings by many screen readers and other tools).
info error found on line 97 column 28: Consider using the “h1” element as a top-level heading only (all “h1” elements are treated as top-level headings by many screen readers and other tools).
info error found on line 106 column 28: Consider using the “h1” element as a top-level heading only (all “h1” elements are treated as top-level headings by many screen readers and other tools).
info error found on line 57 column 46: Section lacks heading. Consider using “h2”-“h6” elements to add identifying headings to all sections, or else use a “div” element instead for any cases where no heading is needed.
info error found on line 2 column 6: This document appears to be written in English. Consider adding “lang="en"” (or variant) to the “html” start tag.

Checking the contact.html file
info error found on line 42 column 46: Section lacks heading. Consider using “h2”-“h6” elements to add identifying headings to all sections, or else use a “div” element instead for any cases where no heading is needed.
info error found on line 2 column 6: Consider adding a “lang” attribute to the “html” start tag to declare the language of this document.

Checking the index.html file
info error found on line 43 column 28: Consider using the “h1” element as a top-level heading only (all “h1” elements are treated as top-level headings by many screen readers and other tools).
error error found on line 57 column 28: No “p” element in scope but a “p” end tag seen.
info error found on line 60 column 42: Section lacks heading. Consider using “h2”-“h6” elements to add identifying headings to all sections, or else use a “div” element instead for any cases where no heading is needed.
info error found on line 40 column 21: Section lacks heading. Consider using “h2”-“h6” elements to add identifying headings to all sections, or else use a “div” element instead for any cases where no heading is needed.
info error found on line 2 column 6: Consider adding a “lang” attribute to the “html” start tag to declare the language of this document.

Checking the static/css/main.css file
main.css: 1
                            parse-error

                            

                                Parse Error

Checking the vocab-table.html file
info error found on line 41 column 36: Section lacks heading. Consider using “h2”-“h6” elements to add identifying headings to all sections, or else use a “div” element instead for any cases where no heading is needed.
info error found on line 2 column 6: Consider adding a “lang” attribute to the “html” start tag to declare the language of this document.

Missing 1 required elements
Missing style element

